Re-do the documentation (#201)
onnx/turnkeyml: README.md

# Welcome to ONNX TurnkeyML

[![Turnkey tests](https://github.com/onnx/turnkeyml/actions/workflows/test_turnkey.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/onnx/turnkeyml/tree/main/test "Check out our tests")
[![OS - Windows | Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-windows%20%7C%20linux-blue)](https://github.com/onnx/turnkeyml/blob/main/docs/install.md "Check out our instructions")
[![Made with Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.8,3.10-blue?logo=python&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/onnx/turnkeyml/blob/main/docs/install.md "Check out our instructions")

> **Notice**: TurnkeyML has just gone through a major refresh of its interfaces and source code.

We are on a mission to make it easy to use the most important tools in the ONNX ecosystem. TurnkeyML accomplishes this by providing a no-code CLI, `turnkey`, as well as a low-code API, that provide seamless integration of these tools.

## Getting Started

Getting started is as simple as `pip install turnkeyml` for most users.

## Demo

Here's `turnkey` in action: BERT-Base is exported from PyTorch to ONNX using `torch.onnx.export`, optimized for inference with `onnxruntime`, and converted to float16 with `onnxmltools`:

> ![Basic Demo Video](img/basic_demo.gif)

Author: Added! Seems to work too :)

https://github.com/onnx/turnkeyml/blob/jfowers/docs/README.md

You can read the `Sequence` out like a sentence. For example, the demo command above was:

```
> turnkey bert.py
> turnkey -i bert.py discover export-pytorch optimize-ort convert-fp16
```

```
Models discovered during profiling:

bert.py:
        model (executed 1x)
                Model Type:     Pytorch (torch.nn.Module)
                Class:          BertModel (<class 'transformers.models.bert.modeling_bert.BertModel'>)
                Location:       /home/jfowers/turnkeyml/models/transformers/bert.py, line 23
                Parameters:     109,482,240 (417.64 MB)
                Input Shape:    'attention_mask': (1, 128), 'input_ids': (1, 128)
                Hash:           bf722986
                Build dir:      /home/jfowers/.cache/turnkey/bert_bf722986
                Status:         Successfully benchmarked on AMD Ryzen 9 7940HS w/ Radeon 780M Graphics (ort v1.15.1) 
                                Mean Latency:   44.168  milliseconds (ms)
                                Throughput:     22.6    inferences per second (IPS)

> ```

Reviewer: This will get much easier to maintain without those.

Author: Yeah that was not fun!

> - [User guide](https://github.com/onnx/turnkeyml/blob/main/docs/tools_user_guide.md): explains `turnkey's` concepts, including the syntax for making your own tool sequence.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [User guide](https://github.com/onnx/turnkeyml/blob/main/docs/tools_user_guide.md): explains the concepts of `turnkey`, including the syntax for making your own tool sequence.
```
Just avoids possessive on a key name.
